Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to use uh uh this model
net illuminate text tool image
first 3.5.
Okay, let's
okay first thing first open the confi
on this
run.
Uh okay let's go to templates I want to
use uh in this video this model.
Okay
uh netu lumina text to image this one.
Okay to use this model you must download
this uh mic model.
Okay, you can download from this
clicking by this button download
or you have to copy the URL and add it
right here
and the internet download manager start
download and downloading here begin for
me I already download this file
okay let's go here
and close this in the computer portable
Okay. Drag this one right here.
Go to downloads. Choose my this one. So
that return to confi. Go to modest.
Uh I want to put it in the checkpoint.
Checkpoint. And after that drag this one
right.
Now let's the page.
Okay fine. It's fixed to the problem of
missing notice.
Uh okay let's uh load the model is good
then the model return the checkpoint is
it start successfully.
Uh now we have to add our prompt right
here. looking the prompt from uh the
chat GBT and uh don't write it
>> okay I want to use this default
a prompt to save for you we can adjust
add GPT
and to get the prompt after getting this
ground
you have to get the new image right here
it up.
Okay. To create this uh beautiful image,
this takes around uh 1 minute using this
uh model
netu Lumina 3.5.